README.md, before:

# My First Project

## Author
   Sospeter Njoroge Kungu

### Description
  My first project is a demonstration of all elements covered within the first week of programming at Moringa School from introduction (Creating a directory) upto Customizing it with CSS file. This project demostrates how to create a directory, create all the folders or sub-directories in it i.e. CSS Folder, Images Folder, index.html file and styles.css file inside the CSS Folder to be able to call the formating styles in relationship "rel" it further made me understand and introduce general formating of a page using css

### Technologies used
  The project has been created using Atom, Git for local and Github for online backup

### Specifications
  For one to run this application or contribute to its code, one must have prior knowledge of Atom, Git and Github.
  For one to view this, any browser is usable but the recommended one is chrome

### License
  This is an open source project and any programmer is hereby welcome to contribute though permission must be granted in writing by sospeter inc (c) 202

Commit message:

Removed typos on README.md and gave a link to this project on Github

README.md, after:

# My First Project

## Author
   Sospeter Njoroge Kungu

### Description
  My first project is a demonstration of all elements covered within the first week of programming at Moringa School from introduction (Creating a directory) upto Customizing it with CSS file. This project demostrates how to create a directory, create all the folders or sub-directories in it i.e. CSS Folder, Images Folder, index.html file and styles.css file inside the CSS Folder to be able to call the formating styles in relationship "rel" it further made me understand and introduce general formating of a page using cs

### Project Setup Instructions and Technologies used
  The project has been created using Atom, Git for local and Github for online backup. Run these Technologies in due time as you proceed to contribute to it. For any online viewing, any browser is ok but the author recommends chrome.

### Specifications
  For one to run this application or contribute to its code, one must have prior knowledge of Atom, Git and Github.
  For one to view this, any browser is usable but the recommended one is chrome

### Link to live site on GitHub Pages
  https://github.com/SospeterKungu/my-first-project

### License
  This is an open source project and any programmer is hereby welcome to contribute though permission must be granted in writing by sospeter inc (c) 202
